\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c    
@c Copyright (C) 2005-2011 Hervé Rouault <rouault@lps.ens.fr>
@c 
@c This file is part of Genherite.
@c 
@c Genherite is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
@c it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
@c the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
@c (at your option) any later version.
@c 
@c Genherite is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
@c but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
@c MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
@c GNU General Public License for more details.
@c 
@c You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
@c along with Imogene; see the file COPYING  If not, see
@c <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
@c
@c %**start of header

@setfilename genherite.info
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@include version.texi
@settitle Genherite Manual @value{VERSION}
@finalout
@c %**end of header


@copying
This manual is for Genherite
(version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}).

Copyright @copyright{} 2005-2011 Herv@'e Rouault


@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.1 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with the Front-Cover Texts being ``A GNU Manual,''
and with the Back-Cover Texts as in (a) below.  A copy of the
license is included in the section entitled ``GNU Free Documentation
License.''

(a) The FSF's Back-Cover Text is: ``You have freedom to copy and modify
this GNU Manual, like GNU software.  Copies published by the Free
Software Foundation raise funds for GNU development.''
@end quotation
@end copying

@dircategory Gene network prediction tool
@direntry
* Genherite: (genherite).   Evolutionary algorithm for the prediction of gene networks
@end direntry


@titlepage
@title Genherite
@subtitle for version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}
@author H. Rouault (@email{rouault@@lps.ens.fr})
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@c Output the table of contents at the beginning.
@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top Genherite

This manual is for Genherite
(version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}).
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Copying::
* Index::
@end menu

@node Copying
@appendix Copying This Manual

@c @menu
@c * GNU Free Documentation License::  License for copying this manual.
@c @end menu
@include fdl.texi

@node Index
@unnumbered Index

@printindex cp

@bye
